Add documentation for `--include-extended-types` and `--help` flags. (#53)
apple/swift-docc-plugin: Sources/SwiftDocCPluginDocumentation/SwiftDocCPlugin.docc/Generating Documentation for Extended Types.md

# Generating Documentation for Extended Types

> Generate documentation for the extensions you make to types from other modules.

Reviewer: Up to you; including a screenshot of an extended type or module could be nice so that you see how these extended types will show up in your docs.

Author: Done 👍

## Overview

By default, the Swift-DocC plugin ignores extensions that you make to types that are not from the module you're generating documentation for.

```swift
import OtherModule

public struct LocalType { }

public extension LocalType {
    /// This function is included in the
    /// documentation by default.
    func foo() { }
}

// ExternalType is from OtherModule, so
// this what we call an "extended type".
public extension ExternalType {
    /// This function is not included in
    /// the documentation by default.

>     func foo() { }

Reviewer 2: Is there a more real-world/relatable code example we could use here instead of foo? Maybe extending the standard library?

Author: Well...I'm not sure if it is relatable, but it features Sloths!

# Generating Documentation for Extended Types

> Generate documentation for the extensions you make to types from other modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate documentation for the symbols you define in your project that extend external modules.
```

Author: Hmm...I always feel like "symbol" is more of a term DocC uses internally, so I try to avoid it in user-facing documentation. The construct Swift programmers are familiar with is "extension", whereas "symbols that extend external modules" sounds a bit cryptic to me.

## Overview

By default, the Swift-DocC plugin ignores extensions you make to types that are not from the module you're generating documentation for.

To include documentation for extended types, add the `--include-extended-types` flag to your invocations:

    $ swift package generate-documentation --include-extended-types

> > Note: Swift 5.8 or higher and the Swift-DocC plugin version 1.2 or higher is required in order to use this flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: Extension support is available when using Swift 5.8 or later and the Swift-DocC plugin 1.2 or later.
```

```swift
public struct Sloth { }

extension Sloth {
    // This function is included in the
    // documentation by default.
    public func wake() { /* ... */ }
}

// `Collection` is from the standard library,
// not the `SlothCreator` library, so this is
// what we call an "extended type".
extension Collection where Element == Sloth {
    // This property is not included in
    // the documentation by default.
    public func wake() {
        for sloth in self {
            sloth.wake()
        }
    }
}
```

## Finding Extended Types in your Documentation

Extended Types are part of the documentation archive of the target that declares the extensions.

Within that documentation archive, they are grouped by the Extended Module they belong to. You can find the latter on your documentation's landing page in a section called "Extended Modules". In our example from above, we'd have one Extended Module called "Swift" - the name of the standard library. This page can be referenced like this: ` ``SlothCreator/Swift`` `.

> 

Reviewer 2: It might be nice to have a screenshot of the top-level page here.

Author: I added the sidebar to the one screenshot I had and moved that to the top of the subsection, so I think that should be enough.
